1. What is the basic steps to init a git repo in you local?
    mkdir folder_name
    cd folder_name 
    git init 
    create files like README.MD 
    git add README.MD
    git commit -m "add README" 
    git push origin main 

2. How to clone a repo from Github?
    open the repo
    go to code, then copy repo url 
    cd directory 
    git clone url 


3. How to create a new branch and checkout to that branch?
    create new branch and checkout new branch at same time: git checkout -b branch_name 
    checkout existed branch: git checkout branch_name 

4. How to merge the new-branch to master branch? show me the commands
    git checkout master_branch
    git merge new-branch 
    git add .
    git push origin master to update your merge 

5. What is maven role? what it be used to do?
    Maven is a powerful object management tool that is based on POM (project object model). 
    It is used for projects build, dependency and documentation. It simplifies the build process. 

6. What is the lifecycle of maven? could you tell me the details?
    Ref: https://maven.apache.org/guides/introduction/introduction-to-the-lifecycle.html
    A build lifecycle is made up of phases. Each of these build lifecycle is defined by a different list of build pahses, wherein a build phase represents a stage in the lifecycle.
    1) Validate: validate the project is correct and all necessary information is available 
    2) Compile: Compile the source code of the project 
    3) Test: Test the compiled source code using a suitable unit testing framework. These tests should not requrie the code be packaged or deployed.
    4) Package: Take the compiled code and package it in its distributable format, such as JAR.
    5) Verify: run any checks on results of integration tests to ensure quality criteria are met 
    6) Install: Install the package into the local repository, for use as a dependency in other projects locally.
    7) Deploy: done in the build environment, copies the final package to the remote repository for sharing with other developers and projects.

7.  What is the difference between package and install in maven lifecycle? 
    Package and install are variaout phases in maven build lifecycle. Package phase will execute all phases prior to that & it will 
    stop with the packaging the project as a jar. 
    Similaryly install phase will execute all prior phases & finally install the project locally for other dependent projects.

8.  What is difference between passing by value and passing by reference? Could you design a code to verify your understanding and screenshot it to me?
    Passing by value is to pass a copy of the value without change the original value.
    Passing by reference is to passing the address of this value, if you modify the value of this address, you will change original value.

9. Practice git and github then provide one screenshot to prove you have done it.
    Slack channel 

10. Create a maven project using Intellij like the teacher did in the class, send screenshot to me.